Next up on the chopping block.
The favorites feature, so as you can see here in the app, we have the ability to favorite certain
restaurants so that we can keep track of the ones that we would like to visit or have visited or in
general, just like now.
This feature is amazing for different reasons.
First of all, we can save across multiple cities the restaurant information.
And on top of that, we're going to persist that beyond the app closing and opening.
And in order for us to get there, obviously there's going to be some type of mechanism that we have
to put in place.
But as an initial entry, what we want to be able to do is store favorites and be able to view them
in the restaurant tab.
Now, let's show you how to do this.